We currently have two (or more) open positions for Post-doctoral scholars! Information about project goals are below:

We are looking for postdoc fellows to join us and work on the following NIAID-NIH and CDC funded projects.

      Evolutionary modeling and forecasting of influenza A virus

      Molecular epidemiology and ecology of Avian Influenza A virus

      Lineage specific epitope prediction and universal vaccine design

      Phylodynamic modeling of other RNA viruses, including Avian Paramyxovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, and Human Immunodeficiency Virus

Post-doctoral trainees will contribute on-going molecular epidemiology and phylodynamics studies of RNA viruses. The senior post-doc trainee will contribute to the organization and management of NIH, CDC and NSF funded projects. Grant writing is an important skill to support scientific career development. Both trainees will have opportunities to contribute to grant applications and project development. Trainees will have opportunities to develop and lead their own project, contribute and develop grants (under guidance of the PI) and have the opportunity to contribute to the training and supervision of PhD students. Current projects include investigations of SARS-CoV-2 transmission across biological scales (in collaboration with the multiple public health labs) and molecular epidemiological studies using environmental and clinical surveillance of SARS-CoV-2 (in collaboration with the Lipp and Glenn Labs); Ecology and Evolution of influenza A virus, including studies on avian influenza with pandemic potential, epidemiological modeling of seasonal influenza and prediction of antigenic evolution (in collaboration with NIH-NIAID CEIRR network CDC the Rohani and Drake Labs). Candidates should have a PhD in evolutionary biology, infectious disease epidemiology, mathematical modelling or a related quantitative discipline. 1-2 or more years of relevant post-doctoral experience in a research environment is required for the senior post-doctoral position.

Duties

    Participate in full-time research program as agreed upon with PI.
    Conceptualize, design, implement and troubleshoot research protocols; adapt new procedures and develop new computational approaches and methods as appropriate.
    Maintain clear and timely records.
    Collect, prepare and analyze research data; maintain computer database of research data; contribute to project design and group meetings. tabulate and display data for presentation in research conferences, for manuscript preparation and grant submission; use graphics and statistical software to analyze and present data.
    Contribute to research meetings and progress reports for founders and collaborators.
    Reading and researching literature, manuscript preparation of research findings. Assist in grant writing.
    Supervise other personnel in to coordinate group research efforts, participate in training of students, visiting researchers and volunteer workers as needed.
